♪ I WOULD BE COMPLEX ♪
♪ I WOULD BE COOL ♪
♪ THEY'D SAY I PLAYED
THE FIELD BEFORE ♪
♪ I FOUND SOMEONE
TO COMMIT TO ♪
♪ AND THAT
WOULD BE OKAY ♪
♪ FOR ME TO DO ♪
♪ EVERY CONQUEST
I HAD MADE ♪
♪ WOULD MAKE ME MORE
OF A BOSS TO YOU ♪
♪ I'D BE A FEARLESS LEADER ♪
♪ I'D BE AN ALPHA TYPE ♪
♪ WHEN EVERYONE
BELIEVES YA ♪
♪ WHAT'S THAT LIKE? ♪
♪ I'M SO SICK OF RUNNING ♪
♪ AS FAST AS I CAN ♪
♪ WONDERING IF I'D
GET THERE QUICKER ♪
♪ IF I WAS A MAN ♪
♪ AND I'M SO SICK OF THEM ♪
♪ COMING AT ME AGAIN ♪
♪ 'CAUSE IF I WAS A MAN ♪
♪ THEN I'D BE THE MAN ♪
♪ I'D BE THE MAN ♪
♪ THEY'D SAY I HUSTLED ♪
♪ PUT IN THE WORK ♪
♪ THEY WOULDN'T
SHAKE THEIR HEADS ♪
♪ AND QUESTION HOW
MUCH OF THIS I DESERVE ♪
♪ WHAT I WAS WEARING,
OR IF I WAS RUDE ♪
♪ COULD ALL BE SEPARATED FROM
MY GOOD IDEAS AND POWER MOVES ♪
♪ AND WE WOULD
TOAST TO ME, OH, ♪
♪ LET THE PLAYERS PLAY ♪
♪ I'D BE JUST LIKE LEO,
IN SAINT-TROPEZ ♪
♪ I'M SO SICK OF RUNNING ♪
♪ AS FAST AS I CAN ♪
♪ WONDERING IF I'D
GET THERE QUICKER ♪
♪ IF I WAS A MAN ♪
♪ AND I'M SO SICK OF THEM ♪
♪ COMING AT ME AGAIN ♪
♪ 'CAUSE IF I WAS A MAN ♪
♪ THEN I'D BE THE MAN ♪
♪ I'D BE THE MAN ♪
♪ I'D BE THE MAN, YEAH ♪
♪ WHAT'S IT LIKE TO BRAG
ABOUT RAKING IN DOLLARS ♪
♪ AND GETTING
BITCHES AND MODELS? ♪
♪ AND IT'S ALL GOOD
IF YOU'RE BAD ♪
♪ AND IT'S OKAY IF YOU'RE MAD ♪
♪ IF I WAS OUT
FLASHIN' MY DOLLAS ♪
♪ I'D BE A BITCH,
NOT A BALLER ♪
♪ THEY'D PAINT ME
OUT TO BE BAD ♪
♪ SO IT'S OKAY THAT I'M MAD ♪
(AUDIENCE CHEERS)
♪ I'M SO SICK OF RUNNING ♪
♪ AS FAST AS I CAN ♪
♪ WONDERING IF I'D
GET THERE QUICKER ♪
♪ IF I WAS A MAN
(YOU KNOW THAT) ♪
♪ I'M SO SICK OF THEM ♪
♪ COMING AT ME AGAIN ♪
♪ 'CAUSE IF I WAS A MAN ♪
♪ THEN I'D BE THE MAN ♪
♪ I'D BE THE MAN, YEAH ♪
♪ YEAH, I'D BE
THE MAN, YEAH ♪
♪ WELL, I'D BE THE MAN ♪
♪ I'D BE THE MAN ♪
♪ ♪
♪ IF I WAS A MAN (HEY!) ♪
♪ THEN I'D BE THE MAN ♪
(AUDIENCE CHEERS)